Update Docker Compose documentation for SERVICE_URL magic environment variables and service naming (#368)
coollabsio/documentation-coolify: docs/knowledge-base/docker/compose.md

Every generated variable can be reused and will always have the same value for every service.
All generated variables are displayed in Coolify's UI for environment variables and can be edited there (except FQDN and URl).

::: info Service Naming

> Service names with underscores (`_`) cannot use ports in environment variables. Use hyphens (`-`) instead to avoid this limitation.

Reviewer: I think if we just change this to say only `names` it should be fine / not confuse people that it needs to match the name of the service itself.
```suggestion
::: info Naming
Names with underscores (`_`) cannot use ports in environment variables. Use hyphens (`-`) instead to avoid this limitation.
```
